Saraniah Aston: Are
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see, not yet.
Saraniah Aston: That's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this the first time using this device.
Saraniah Aston: No. Oh wait, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see finger now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you text already spoken with somebody in the virtual clinic. Right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I just did. I was like seven six minutes ago, I think. Yeah. Hey,
Let me see.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I came and I was sitting here for a wire it said that, uh, it said your name. It said that you had to wait so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. You're fine. This has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: The I'm waiting to see that they checked you in, they're just not busy with a group
Saraniah Aston: It's a different persons. The guys today. So I never seen him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, yeah I think his name is Leo. I let them know you'd be there and then I have another client right after you. I don't normally see people in the evening, but I'm trying to create more hours so that we can you know meet for for folks.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know how you do so much longer. We're
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Saraniah Aston: I mean,
Saraniah Aston: Thing is so much work to put into it and you put your soul into it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I definitely think I think I found my calling. That's for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't doesn't feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I do. I like meeting you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy. So we got here did, sir, and I check in mobile you met a dude. So it's probably Leo. He's just super busy.
Saraniah Aston: I think she's like Asian
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a dude, though, right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it was a guy, I believe it was Asian American, Asian of some sort.
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok I coast checking. So they're checking now.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is so funny. It's like, on your mark, get set, start feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh via
Saraniah Aston: This program. I was writing stuff down, please. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're in Leo Leo says yes, comma, sorry, sorry Nia checked in for granted beer. So we are good to go. Let me just send them a little happy face and say thank you, everything's working together. I'll just say thank you.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, coconut oil, you've been writing things down. So what have you've got what you've been journaling.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, just
Saraniah Aston: Just when I was waiting. I was
Saraniah Aston: writing stuff down to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic what's in front of you there what you write.
Saraniah Aston: Whoa, Wednesday, it says, I'm the world on hold. Aha.
Saraniah Aston: necessarily a bad thing for me.
Saraniah Aston: And then the next thing is about Travis, my brother Travis.
Saraniah Aston: Moving to Solar City, and then I wrote equals anxiety and paranoia.
Saraniah Aston: He sleeps on the couch. My mom so I can't visit for a night.
Saraniah Aston: I can't get comfortable, like when I'm there. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: He is really stressing my mother out
Saraniah Aston: And now she really has no room for me.
Saraniah Aston: And I really lonely, baby.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, yep. She's got no time.
Saraniah Aston: She's so stressed.
Saraniah Aston: Stressed out from someone that isn't need at least
Saraniah Aston: With a really
Hard
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Blows up on me and I take
Gwenevere Abriel: It out on you, instead of
Saraniah Aston: You know, I do what she takes it on me.
Saraniah Aston: That will be ripped me to shreds when when she when she gets to like
Saraniah Aston: That into that zone where she pushed herself. Yeah, to pure anger and rage her whole voice changes her energy changes her posture changes.
Saraniah Aston: It's so it's so scary when it happens.
Saraniah Aston: And then she says mean things and she starts to call me names and then she gets closer and closer and I'm crying. And it's like, the more I cry harder. She goes at me.
Saraniah Aston: At that moment, that's me having a traumatic experience at the very moment, and she doesn't understand that and
Saraniah Aston: She would just like Uday ins me very hard and basically like kind of bully, a little bit. I guess that would you call it, and then and then go away and then what that would do for me is
Saraniah Aston: It would give me about two to three full days of being nearly like Siri. This is very real like lethargic like
Saraniah Aston: Having a hard time walking like just shuffling, you know, and just mouth open, staring out the window like a really scary place that when I'm there. It's like oh my god this end of the world.
Saraniah Aston: I mean, I moved out of there and I'm so glad because I can't handle that shit anymore. I cannot take it.
Saraniah Aston: Um, but now it's like
Saraniah Aston: It's like a double edged sword situation because now I you know I have my own place but
Saraniah Aston: I'm not
Saraniah Aston: I mean, she's not always that monster that she turns into. And so I don't have her at all because my brother's there and my brothers very unstable and
Saraniah Aston: She has him to take care of, I guess, and I don't want her to take care of me. I keep telling her, how much
Saraniah Aston: how grateful I am for everything she's done me and is still doing for me and how much I'm working to get like a better place and coverage. I wouldn't get a job and that I won't be a burden for much longer.
Saraniah Aston: Situation. She is
Saraniah Aston: Because she's nice she's
Saraniah Aston: All I love
All right, sir, I'm yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's hard to hear this but you have you and it may feel fragmented and as if it's groundless at times, but you do have you, I see you there. I know it doesn't feel like it and it's so lonely. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost as if everything falls away so isolating and I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are there, you're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're there you're in this fight for your life. And I see you fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: I see you fighting for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with
Gwenevere Abriel: This realization, your brother is now in the way of the tiny morsel in Chrome of support that you had that little string. You're holding on to this just tip the scale.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, because I'm slightly afraid of him when I said isn't stable.
Saraniah Aston: When I first came back to LA.
Saraniah Aston: This my second day there he was having a moment and he he beat me up my second day there and he just beat me up and my mom when you anything about it and she blamed me for it.
Saraniah Aston: And she was just like, I just want to forget about it. Forget about it. Forget about it.
Saraniah Aston: And I was really traumatized by that. And every time that I mentioned that was traumatizing to me. She gets annoyed. It annoys her
Saraniah Aston: Blue noise.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm hearing is
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: traumatic events. Continue. You and I meet and we start to get a little route in. It's like, well, let's explore a boundary and and we got our little right we got it in there and be like, oh, that's kind of a cool topic and let's continue that one and then more trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only more trauma, but relived trauma continues to intrude right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't get a break.
Saraniah Aston: Was like the story of my life. And what do I expect besides that I'm used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Saraniah Aston: So when you say that it's like doesn't really matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah but out here, right, because I'm, I'm not in it. I'm not in the trenches with you. I'm back here and I can see from a distance. I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: That she's Start Right. Start to get lift your head up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, ma'am.
Saraniah Aston: Gets you again. Good. I go right backwards. Yeah. But the one thing that I've noticed that is positive, is that I am getting out of it.
Saraniah Aston: quicker and quicker and quicker and quicker.
Saraniah Aston: It's starting to for some reason. It's kind of sad, but for some reason. It's starting to not affect me as much and so I'm not charging for three days anymore. Now, if something happens, it's like a day. It's not three days anymore. So something is happening within me, myself, that
Saraniah Aston: That's changing. I don't know what's changing but something's changing because yeah that's that's definitely true.
Gwenevere Abriel: ration. Now you said something interesting, and I want to check in on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The duration is shorter where once the symptom right of the of the post trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yeah, they were lasting three days. We're almost it's almost sounds like you were dissociating we're in this haze on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, and you noticed, maybe it only lasted a day and you're seeing. I don't know why and how I got here and I noticed I was able to get out. Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything about how you got out, was it a text. Was it something you saw something you felt something you thought of. Do you know how you got back into what I would call like a conscious mobilized state.
Saraniah Aston: I just, I started thinking
Saraniah Aston: I started thinking and
Saraniah Aston: Somehow I get to this place much quicker where I'm like, where things just start to shift a little bit in my head I have like a ha moment like and then I just kind of like roll with that and
Saraniah Aston: I don't know when it happens, or why it happens or why it's happening faster.
Saraniah Aston: But happening, that's for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you think that it also coincidentally happened like
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that you and I are working together. There's a little bit more like opportunity for some me to see when it might be happening. Did it happen like anytime around where
Gwenevere Abriel: slept in, I think, I don't remember the decks was through phone
Gwenevere Abriel: went to sleep. We liked it happen around that time.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Yeah, but I'm over it today. I mean, I guess I'm crying. But just because I'm emotional, but I'm not like
Saraniah Aston: I mean not really going out and doing anything because it's stupid virus. But if, if I could, I probably would go out I didn't go for a walk or go into town or something like that.
Saraniah Aston: So I'm not completely like bullying out from it. No, I'm and I'm not mad at my mom.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm just really disappointed and
Saraniah Aston: And it's at that point where it's okay it's move on time.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: So it's like, I don't know, I just start thinking and
Saraniah Aston: I just hit these different stages and then I get to this one stage where it's like, all right, move on time. Time to just
Saraniah Aston: We just dealt with that in our head. We understand what's going on now. Right. It's like I asked myself these questions and then we move on. It's crazy.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how do you summarize it in a sense, what's the. I understand. Now, how does it get
Saraniah Aston: Summarized with that. I understand what just happened. What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you go into stages start thinking, then there's an aha moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And understand what's going on. And then it's move on time. What, what do you understand
Saraniah Aston: Oh, I understand that my mom just whatever happened probably okay. I'll use this example, my mom.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, my mom completely freaked out on me.
Saraniah Aston: I'm saying here. I don't think I did anything wrong. I've checked with myself on that over and over again. I feel good about myself and it comes to that damn My mom's crazy. Damn my mom's crazy. There's nothing I can do about it.
Saraniah Aston: Screw this and then maybe a little bit of any here then. And then I just start moving and I get dressed or something and clean.
Saraniah Aston: And then I just
Saraniah Aston: Get to this. That's the moving on stage. It's like
Saraniah Aston: It's like letting go of a bunch of rage and a place that I could go to I don't go to anymore.
Saraniah Aston: Or drinking or something like that. You know what I mean. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, I have a question about one of these spaces in here I can see my mom completely freaked out a check myself that I do anything, right, wrong. No, I really check myself. Damn my mom's crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And then, so there's the space that I'm curious about maybe we could spend some time in this space because there was nothing. He didn't say anything. And I put this little space on my notepad here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it went so it went down my mom's crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Gruber.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. I'm angry, I start moving and cleaning
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's right in here that I'm curious about. It's the my mom's crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen.
Saraniah Aston: It's me. Sorry to tell myself.
Saraniah Aston: You're a fighter. There's no it's time to get up and fight. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. I think it's right in here. So it might be this, and I might use a pencil for a reason. I can always move it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So damn. She's crazy. Wait a minute. I'm a fighter screw her and you mobilize with anger and you get it done start cleaning start moving
Saraniah Aston: You start it yeah okay so
Saraniah Aston: You are no one should be around me like I need
Saraniah Aston: To be in my own way. Yeah, okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Saraniah Aston: Like if she were to start apologizing, at some point, like when I'm in that zone that wouldn't be a good time to start apologizing. So I would just be like, Mom, not now. I'm in my zone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So is it possible now i don't know i'm not sort of deconstructing our exchange. But is it possible that somewhere in there, our appointment fell in
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it was your you had been organizing cleaning and we're tired and slept through didn't hear the alarm and then so our appointment fell somewhere in that
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, no. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I just don't know which point I
Saraniah Aston: Was something was happening. Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Saraniah Aston: I think I was more in the moment of them.
Saraniah Aston: Like I was getting I was right, kind of in the thick of a bunch of chaos of that chaos. Actually, I don't think it was right after
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask you.
Saraniah Aston: The last time I spoke to you the last text I sent you was after everything when I was calm and I was thinking clearly and we'll get to that point, I think very clearly.
Saraniah Aston: Really weird
Saraniah Aston: Very weird
Gwenevere Abriel: The adrenaline that's available for mobilization is pretty cool get stuff done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's why I use the mobilize and notice how before it was you described it as lethargy, I think something where it's a real low, low, low energy and and also cognitively, you're not feeling very sharp minded and I use the worst associated now. You went
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. So this is interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: The point that I'm interested in is right in here, which has to do with taking the opportunity of of the vitality of anger. What it can do to self protect to protect you physically and mentally
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have never used it in a way with a therapist and certainly doesn't sound like you have it available to be in communication with your mother at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an all or it's like you don't want to be near me, I cannot hear an apology. I don't want to have anything to do with you. I just need to kind of be in motion, but you don't really want to hear. You don't want to slow down. Once you've kind of tapped into that resource.
Saraniah Aston: You know,
Saraniah Aston: There was slowed down now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it ever been that it went to your assessment online.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has ever gone too far, like you took the anger and it moved to rage and you broke something. You felt bad about you hurt someone you broke some of your own stuff.
Saraniah Aston: Oh yeah, all the time.
Saraniah Aston: Like when I was in my 20s.
Saraniah Aston: And before teenager. Yeah, up until like the past
Saraniah Aston: Three, four years. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nothing you haven't done anything recently, you didn't break anything recently.
Saraniah Aston: Anything.
Saraniah Aston: Like when I get rage in and out of control that hasn't happened in such a long time, no nothing. Recently, I'm trying. I can't remember the last, the last time was like
Saraniah Aston: I believe it was like
Saraniah Aston: Oh no, the left. Okay, last time was like a year ago when my ex. I was dating a girl and she
Saraniah Aston: She was crazy. And she
Saraniah Aston: She was like, attacking me proverbially so I threw her across the room.
Saraniah Aston: But it was kind of self defense rage thing, but with my mom I had extremely bad through coughing on her.
Saraniah Aston: In Israel.
Saraniah Aston: When she visited that was like three years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here
Saraniah Aston: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, I'm actually not digging around for those stories. Here's what I'm trying to
Saraniah Aston: Let them know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it has to do with an interest. I love the anger for a lot of people that like have this sort of depression. I want to kind of take that juice and vitality that that we have with our anger and I want to see if we can use it in an adaptive way. So where I'm wondering is that
Gwenevere Abriel: If there is a way that you and I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Mobilize it
Gwenevere Abriel: Without it being self destructive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mobilize it where it's not damaging relationships or your goals already like things that you already put in motion that you do like
Gwenevere Abriel: This that's I just wonder if before it gets full tilt anger, all the way to rage. If you have any I would call it consciousness. I'm not saying you're asleep, it's it's tricky with words because I've only got words to work with here whether
Gwenevere Abriel: You have awareness of I have a choice right now I can either keep fueling this feeding it and it can get bigger and bigger, and this is
Gwenevere Abriel: What I've always done. I'm going to get up and this is I had it. And now I'm going to go get organized. I'm going to get cleaning and that was then and this is now so right before you get full Matt, do you have an awareness that
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a right to just be irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know just yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Saraniah Aston: Did I am you know
Saraniah Aston: At that moment, and even when I am accepting I'm still irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: So yeah, I do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Accepting inherited. So that's the one I'm curious about. I like that word you use just now accepting. So here's what I'm wondering. I'm wondering if our work could be around that window. I wonder if we could see some meaningful difference meaning like long lasting and stuff you like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in here in the damn. She's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a fighter.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's crazy. I'm a fighter. I don't have to fight her a fighter. What am I fighting for you come back. What am I fighting for my fighting for my guess is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're cleaning and, what's the other thing moving is your way of putting that into motion, but let's add let's add a little bit more to it. Let's add
Saraniah Aston: Control the cleaning is making sure I have control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, that makes sense. Let's put it somewhere that settles a little bit lower on the anger volume. Let's settle it down a little. Let's see if we can have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Mantra or something, you could say there's Damn she's crazy. That's true. That's, that's something to think, Oh, that's great. Damn. She's crazy. I'm a fighter and let's add I'm fighting for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get real clear on that. What are you fighting for.
Saraniah Aston: My freedom. Yeah, my
Gwenevere Abriel: From crazy right
Saraniah Aston: Continue a pattern.
Saraniah Aston: Here just
Saraniah Aston: For freedom. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And part of that freedom when you leave crazy over here. It does mean that you will be in the room alone for a moment, doesn't mean you have to feel lonely, that part is different. I'm very much alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not lonely, right, she's not lonely. It's a different experience. There's a meaning that it has for you and you and I haven't talked at all. I, I ran across
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't look at your guys's I jump right in here and start talking with you right away. I don't have a chance to really look at
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brief, a Dutch assessment monitor the band thing.
Saraniah Aston: I just started writing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you because I don't get to look at him. Very often, but I did get to I was looking at it. I think a couple weeks ago, maybe, and I saw want to get my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It made me wonder underneath all of this right all this if underneath it, if that's part of what you're fighting for.
Saraniah Aston: That's all I'm fighting for. That's why I need to function.
Saraniah Aston: At all. I'm fighting for myself as well.
Saraniah Aston: But I'm fighting for myself because I need to fight for my daughter, you know,
Saraniah Aston: That's okay in the big picture that is what
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. Absolutely. So the more you heal the more an island your therapist, right, I might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: More confidence, my client has around being emotionally regulated around craziness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Closer. She's going to get hurdle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting her daughter back
Gwenevere Abriel: So what stands in the way logistically, it's probably a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So ignorant, I have
Gwenevere Abriel: No idea what the story is right.
Saraniah Aston: My ex owes money to Israel and visa allowed to leave the country until it's paid my mom got a really, really good, really good job and
Saraniah Aston: She told me to come out here and that she would pay off his debt.
Saraniah Aston: And that didn't happen and
Saraniah Aston: It's all pretty much on my shoulders. Now, so I'm gonna figure it out.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we've broken it down to, it's a number
Saraniah Aston: There's, it's much it's just some money. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Like, yeah, it's like $50,000 yeah 50,000
Saraniah Aston: And which it could be worse. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah, so we've got 50 grand and
Gwenevere Abriel: It is not x is holding her back know if there was money and pay it, and they would both be out here.
Saraniah Aston: Is all right. Yeah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no domestic violence with x
Gwenevere Abriel: And no. Okay. And she feels safe you felt safe out there.
Saraniah Aston: No, because he has a drug problem so
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, so that's why I want to get her. That's why I'm like yeah of course you come to
Saraniah Aston: Write me this and
Saraniah Aston: I just lose everybody everybody loses momentum and seems to forget about it and I don't, I'm not so
Gwenevere Abriel: One more thing. How old is your daughter.
Saraniah Aston: She's seven okay and you
Gwenevere Abriel: FaceTime her still meeting with her.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, we do a Facebook video, check it has all of these games that you can apply these virtual games. Yeah, it's really important to me. I feel really good. After I speak to her, like, it's like a drug.
Saraniah Aston: But I have to chase down my ex he refuses to like make a schedule with me. I don't think you can keep the schedule very well anyways but so I'm just going to have to call whenever I can like whenever and not wait for someone for him to say yes, she's available. I'm just gonna start calling
Saraniah Aston: Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the Drudge like kind of have a sense of what's going on in his brain.
Saraniah Aston: It's called a Mr. Nice Guy It's a synthetic marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it. It's not like spice, though, right.
Saraniah Aston: It is nice. Oh dear. Oh, yeah.
Saraniah Aston: And it's been about 66 years now.
Saraniah Aston: And his brother to his brothers losing it mine alone. My ex isn't at all but but he's not functioning. I mean, that doesn't have a job and
Saraniah Aston: Trust.
Saraniah Aston: Me.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I see that really broad sweeping sequence of things. If I'm way off, you just let me know. Obviously I'm I'm overgeneralizing is it basically this
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to get my self centered. I need to know how to meet life on life's terms. So I can hold a job so that I can get the $50,000 so I can get my daughter here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That basically it
Saraniah Aston: Nicely. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well, I'm in it with you.
Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, a good rehearsal. It sounds like his mom because if we can figure out how to stay. How to stay in a calm body around craziness and we can handle some nut job boss, we can get through this. Right. We get because this is a probably one of the more intense people, his mom.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can handle that and stay in a relaxed body regulate but the body, which means the brain is going to work better, or in the body, it's going to work better, faster, stronger, I'm going to remember my skills that we're going to be learning in here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just stay regulated and then we can use those same skills. We can use them at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know this timing is just really a real stinker. Right now I'm
Saraniah Aston: Doing so that like skills so that I can keep myself going into that place that that difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking now. You didn't tell me what your work history is i don't i don't know if you ever have any
Gwenevere Abriel: History of
Saraniah Aston: Fashion styles.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember what you did. My
Saraniah Aston: I have a small business that right now is doing absolutely nothing but I sell clothing online. I have inventory and I have
Saraniah Aston: I
Saraniah Aston: Am an ambassador on posh mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that
Gwenevere Abriel: My yeah yeah
Saraniah Aston: I remember that.
Saraniah Aston: My initial assessment.
Saraniah Aston: Is besides that I'm going to be looking for a job, just like
Saraniah Aston: Those like fun in a cafe around here that I really like.
Saraniah Aston: And making crazy tips so
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's the one I already knew about the the the piece of the fashion part. I remember that distinctly
Gwenevere Abriel: To do with right now. I'm asking about whether you've ever
Gwenevere Abriel: lost a job or there was such such tension in the workplace that you kind of throw your hands up and walked off and just like can't deal
Saraniah Aston: So many times
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. That's my question. I just wanted to know that part. Okay, so we're on to something, if we can, if we can find a way
Gwenevere Abriel: To be in a relaxed body. In other words, self regulate around people that are calling names judging impatient rude, any number of the things, those negative behaviors around us. If we can kind of keep you in a regulated body around this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That will keep the job if you want the job. In other words, when you're ready to leave on your terms, not because it's too emotionally intense but rather two week. Notice one week notice on your terms you'll leave when you're darn ready to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because this person is just, it's too much.
Right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got an idea. We've got cafe timings really just dude really right now.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: That will make anybody to press
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I have to my life. Yeah, I got you. Okay, so your business, your business is online.
Saraniah Aston: It's on posh Mark Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: When your hand and I blog.
Saraniah Aston: On Instagram. I'm I do photo blogging.
Saraniah Aston: I have two pages on Facebook and one is for fashion and one is for modeling I promote models and eventually
Saraniah Aston: I'll charge to do promotions.
Saraniah Aston: So I'm really into business, but I know that I need a paycheck as well. Something steady
Gwenevere Abriel: Money. Yeah, in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the past was all your money going to drugs.
Saraniah Aston: All my money was going to drop. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just checking in. So if there is an income coming in. I'm just asking because sometimes people have co occurring things going on where they also like to gamble. They also like some some pornography and money's still leaking and other places or they have also those
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, food compulsive behaviors. There's other compulsivity components. And I just want to check in and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it is it. Are we on track with the treatment or we go okay, we're going to do this. But then if I if I ignore this other piece. And I'm like, wait, because, I mean, maybe there's a sex addiction to how do I know I gotta ask my questions. Otherwise, I'll never know.
Saraniah Aston: Actually, honestly, I've got one of those. I'm pretty much
Saraniah Aston: Like a blank.
Saraniah Aston: empty bank account, ready to be filled up
Gwenevere Abriel: So if money's coming in and you're stable on the buprenorphine and you and I are continuing to work together. It's a reasonable assumption that you can put it in an actual bank account or you like under the mattress kind of go
Saraniah Aston: For first trillion good matches and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you don't have a checking account. Not yet.
Saraniah Aston: Not yet, but I will get one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reason you don't have anything to do with outstanding fees to the bank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any little it's just it
Saraniah Aston: Just has to do with I NEED A NEW MEXICO ID. And when I went to get one before they did couldn't find me in the system, nor like via social security number, they couldn't find me either. So I had to get a
Saraniah Aston: Water bill in my name and do a bunch of things. And I just lagged on it and
Saraniah Aston: I need to get my
Saraniah Aston: Tinker, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is actually is. Are you feeling comfortable or uncomfortable talking about these very logistic types of tasks are you
Saraniah Aston: Good for me, actually it wakes up parts of my brain and it makes me want to do things.
Saraniah Aston: Every time we talk. I always end up wanting to do something with something else.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep going then.
Saraniah Aston: We're figuring out my life. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Saraniah Aston: We're getting
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting a little tasks organized so we're tracking backwards, right, we kind of we did the broad stroke. We looked way back
Gwenevere Abriel: And we put it into big chunks of effort and now we're doing. We're looking really closely as if, as if the map are looking at little details like this. Now we're looking really close. And what I heard you say is I need my new mexico ID. And I think I also heard
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something couple tasks that the you call it, it's not DMV you guys call it something else. I don't know what y'all call it, but it's always sounds, we're going to hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not to bother me at motor vehicles its motor vehicle department is something I like you guys call it something funny over there. But anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to present documentation to prove you are who you are.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the two or three things that they absolutely have to have
Saraniah Aston: They have to have a bill.
Saraniah Aston: In my name, which is waiting for me at the water company, I just have to get up, which means I need my mom to take me to pick it up because there's no buses here. There's no taxis. There's nothing. And eventually, I'm going to get just a clunker car like get around. Um,
Saraniah Aston: So that
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I ask you something about the water bill. I know this might seem picky, but I have one of these brains that like focuses on minutia.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's useful sometimes it's like so annoying to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: The water bill itself when you present it to to the DMV. Do they care how long your name has been in it. They want to see one month. They don't care, just one
Gwenevere Abriel: Bill, they just need one. Okay, cool. What else do they want to see.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I think that's actually yeah just just that and
Gwenevere Abriel: How much does it cost.
Saraniah Aston: About $25
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so $25
Gwenevere Abriel: And the probably take your picture. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Take any tests or anything. Right. You know,
Saraniah Aston: Actually, well, I should be able to get my driver's license. I took the driver's test the written test and I passed it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to get your driver's license. I
Saraniah Aston: Really do. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll rewind and scratch that now we're at driver's license. That's exciting. Okay, you've already passed the test. So you've already done that.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, so all I do is the same thing that I would do if I were just going to get the ID so I might as well, plus, plus, I have to drive a little car for
Saraniah Aston: Which I can do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So driver's license. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Water bill. They don't want anything else. Hmm.
Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't first want the ID.
Saraniah Aston: Moving how they have my passport. So I love that plus the water bill.
Saraniah Aston: Plus they have my social social security number. So that's it.
Saraniah Aston: That's right. And they have
Gwenevere Abriel: Another you have the passport, you'll bring it
Saraniah Aston: Right. Um, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: You've said there's no over. There's no left there's no nobody right now to make this possible to make this happen to mobilize go get that water bill and it's too many miles away. Right. Too far. Too far. Too far.
Saraniah Aston: Right. Got it. But if I talk to my mom and I told her, like, Mom, I need to get done. Okay, and the green the ions and check and make sure that she understands then she'll understand and we'll figure out a date and we'll do it. I just have to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's where your therapist could come in handy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can help with that, that I can help. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't drive in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, but we can get behind. What are the barriers. What are the obstacles right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The timing is such that you're I'm guessing. Now, I'm guessing that your mom shows her overwhelmed business.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this crazy making and all this anger. So whatever's going on with her and Travis.
Gwenevere Abriel: She might just be at her her wits end
Saraniah Aston: She is she so that's what she told me yesterday and I'm the one. She'll tell that to either way. Yeah, she told me she's like I'm book lose it. I'm afraid I'm gonna lose my job.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, everything she yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: This might seem like a really out of the blue question, but I am a family therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really. Yeah, that's my degree.
I'm a nerd.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I love people love lots of people more, the merrier. I get along just come on let's all get together and talk
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's my comfort zone. I'm not nervous not intimidated by all of it all very excited because that's where the juices. That's where we get okay there's a dynamic going on between you
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mother that existed long before Travis got there. So that's what's getting in the way, maybe don't know but right now with Travis on that couch it just just blowing up so bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she may not. You know how sometimes you might feel as if like, I can't think straight. I can't problem solve, like I usually do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may feel that way too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, although in her core, you know, your mother, the one that that right truly wants the best for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She might not be available what's available is the warrior, the one that is in self protection mode that will scratch your eyes help basically if you give her one more thing to do. So she might be in just self preservation mode.
Saraniah Aston: And she totally with
Saraniah Aston: You. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it's hard to ask a favor from someone when they are barely like inhaling and exhaling themselves.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, right. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you ever think, well, I have a therapist. I could meet with my mother as she was in, zoom, if I could get that app on her phone. We could be in here and I could have a professional kind of navigating a conversation so that I could get to Hey mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: May I use the car is there gas can I pay for the gas. When would it be the least inconvenient, what would work for you. We could get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're in an interesting time because we can do an intervention when someone's in one home. Another person is in another state like me and another person's in another column, we can actually have a therapeutic moment when people are indifferent home so it doesn't have that intensity
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the same room.
Saraniah Aston: And they're even thought about that. Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, right. And most people forget that part. And I'm like, You know what, I can even do couples therapy when y'all are in a different state.
Saraniah Aston: Really cool right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's why I mentioned it because it doesn't come to mind. We don't think of it, you know, because this is so different. We're still kind of acclimating to
Gwenevere Abriel: How has this has this even work. I don't even know, honestly. She's in Florida. How is this working, but it does work. It's pretty cool.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it does. Actually, I was a total skeptic skeptic. But no, it's actually working. I was talking to my mom about you mostly was like, I didn't like her at first, but I love her now.
Saraniah Aston: I look forward to those days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just have to hold on tight right well that initial judgment, you're not alone. A lot of people have that same thing. Everybody thinks I'm a you know a cheerleading convertible driving little bitch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's okay. I'm used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, but guess what, guess what, what do we know about the bitch. We know that that part of us that gets shit done. Doesn't it
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: I want to be more that way. So,
Saraniah Aston: Exactly. I want to be that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: See right here where it says anger. You know what screw her on a fighter. I can get this done. So all we gotta do is we got to take that juice. That's going to cleaning
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and organizing and we've got to just really look at your goal, which is, I've got to
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to stay emotionally regulated so that I can have a calm conversation with my mother, she doesn't feel threatened, I need to use that car. She needs to know it's safe. And it's okay, I'm going to get that car back or jobs not in jeopardy from anything. I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not. I'm gonna I'll give her money, maybe, I don't know what the details are on this. I just need to stay in a calm body. I can do this. I can have relaxed vigilance, I can channel this anger. I can see the difference between my mom's crazy behavior.
I can see the difference between her craziness and who I am.
There is a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do not have to go crazy along with her. And that's the fight.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's quiet that's between you and I, that's inside. That's a quiet like
Gwenevere Abriel: Head yeah like defiance. I will not go crazy with you inside. We just know it. And that is what we can channel we can turn it into I'm a fighter. What am I fighting for I'm fighting for my sanity and my peace of mind.
Saraniah Aston: And I can get
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, and I can have a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do this belly breathing at one of your talks about
Gwenevere Abriel: Because my brain will work better and I will remember my mom is doing the best she can. And although I don't like the word. She's saying she's scared. She's helpless. She doesn't know what to do and how to solve this problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's all possible when you're in a relaxed body.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, both thinking clearly it seems
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Saraniah Aston: Look at the big picture.
Saraniah Aston: When you can't see straight
Gwenevere Abriel: History and so then you calm right in that relaxed peaceful space. And guess what she sees
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: My daughter's acting differently. I'm not threatened. Now, I noticed my eyes. I can look at her, my body's turning. I'm not as threatened, I can look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. She's my daughter is not coming at me with defensiveness, she's not. She's just sitting there calmly breathing with that, that's so different. What is that now. She's curious.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then maybe she starts to regulate too because we also have this thing called mirror neurons and we start to do what we see in front of us and we start to come to and all you did was brief.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the brain came online. We're no longer hijacked by the amygdala, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're breathing and we're okay. We're okay because you know the distinction between mom's doing the best she can looks crazy. I know you stay define inside. I will not go there with her. I will not try to change her mind. I will stay in my own peace and my own quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: My fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: And fighting for my sanity. I'm fighting to get my daughter back and this is my moment and you don't give it to anybody. Not to me not to mom out to some dude, not to some brother, not to some landlord. Nope. You, you just stay in there and not let that body right. Get out of being relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can feel my shoulders coming
Down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can feel my hands relaxing and slowly but surely getting a habit of doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The world can be completely unraveling and you stay in a relaxed state.
Saraniah Aston: It's like The Matrix.
Fan
Saraniah Aston: We've just like
Gwenevere Abriel: You to remember it.
And then
Saraniah Aston: Slowly
Gwenevere Abriel: So what a lot of times, because we are and will kind of bring it to a close, as point we're visual people we like, we take in a lot of information from what we see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the more that you put your stickies or a collage or something kind of cool around that tells you to do even one cycle or two cycles, MAYBE ONE IS OVER BY THE CLOSET says do belly breath once. How long does it take to do that. Watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: TV did that take, we can do that before but our socks on got
Gwenevere Abriel: A habit to do we do one of the closet. WE TO TO AT THE DOORS WE DO THREE right at the medicine cabinet. We do for before we go for a walk. We do five before we we turn the oven on we can play with it. This is your own place. What
Saraniah Aston: Is what is is that keeping yourself aware
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's doing so much. It's doing so much for
Saraniah Aston: Us is doing more than just that.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I mean I can next time if I didn't already do it I thought already kind of gave you the science behind it.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, but it's doing something for your brain to guess what it is changing tissue because what's up here. This mushy stuff our brain, it's much
Saraniah Aston: Hmm, we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing a whole neuronal connection to I have this thought, Oh my gosh, I'll never watch. I'll never get my daughter. Wait, I do my breathing. I'm standing here at the oven have this negative cognition and I'm reading
Gwenevere Abriel: I get to my fourth one. And I noticed my body. Oh, my shoulders just dropped down, I noticed my my George is relaxed. I can sit with a negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can have a relaxed body. And now, guess what, I just thought of. I just, problem solved. I just remembered what am I fighting for. I need to eat healthy meal. I'm going to finish making this meal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to spend time in fueling this negative thought I'm going to go look at my list of things to do. What do I need to do I need to eat right sleep right
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to hydrate. What else do I need to do. Um, I need to check my agenda, make sure I keep my appointments water bill water bill. I need to schedule something with my mom wonder when a good time would be your brain is going to work better.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I cannot emphasize how important this breathing is
Gwenevere Abriel: Go on a sticky frenzy. Let's get him everywhere you get in the habit of doing that, guess what's going to happen when a crisis happens
Gwenevere Abriel: And someone's coming at you with ugliness name calling distressed. You will remember that's all we need. We just need you to remember the breath. From there, we can have access to this relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: All these other things will come online. You'll just let your brain do its job. They have the campus will provide you, those, those memories of the things that we're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The, the cognitive reframes like I'm a fighter. What am I fighting for will be able to remember those those pieces. But first, we've got to be able to remember the breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have some other technique down the line. You can use that one. But for now, let's give this a try getting a habit of it. Do it the first time you wake up and put them, put them all over you get in the habit.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what do we have here.
Next week, looks like I scheduled someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: What up,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any way you would be awake at
Double book here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try this. How would one o'clock work for you. Tuesday, April 7 1pm Mountain Standard Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you have anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on in
The US
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: As
Gwenevere Abriel: A hunter Tuesday next Tuesday. I will give you a text as I I've been pretty good about it. These last few months I text and I say, hey, just give me a message that you're going to be there and
Saraniah Aston: And I have like three quickly I right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have been good. Yeah. So let's, um, my next class here, but I just want to hear you. I just, I hate to end without hearing from you what today was different, even in the smallest way just a glimmer of something different about you that you noticed
Saraniah Aston: Um, you mean from talking to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just didn't hear just during this hour. What did you, what did you catch
Saraniah Aston: Oh, it just, oh, it's, it's almost like a like a reset, reset my day current, you know,
Saraniah Aston: I feel recharged recharged
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do with it.
Saraniah Aston: text my mom that I love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I love that you're gonna make me cry. You did. You made me cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's something. Oh yeah, you are giving what you didn't get that is so amazing. Don't wait a second, just go do that text.
OK.
Saraniah Aston: I will
Saraniah Aston: Be open
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we can we log out together and log back on.
Lyndsey Lorett: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you in five seconds.
Okay.